Hello, everyone.
In this video, I'd like to show you how to use the source code that's provided with the course.
Each section of the course contains a compressed zip file that contains a workspace and all the projects
that I've created in that workspace.
So, for example, suppose that we're working on Section eight, there'll be a Section eight zip file.
It may be a different name, but it will have everything you need in there.
And what you can do here is just extract that file and I'll extract here, and I'm simply going to extract
it right to my desktop.
You can see the folders have all been extracted.
So if I double click on section eight, you can see all the projects in there.
Now there's one special file you'll see down at the bottom here.
It's called Section eight and it's a workspace file.
If you right click on that, you can open with code light and that'll open up the workspace in code
light.
And once the workspace is open, you have access to all the projects in there.
So that's one way to do it.
Another way to do this is once you've extracted the file, just open code light.
So now once code light is opened, you can choose to open a workspace right over here.
So I'll select that open workspace and then you can just navigate to the workspace you want to open.
In this case, it's on it's section eight workspace.
You can just simply select that file and you can see the workspace opens up right here with all your
projects.
Now I'm going to close the workspace and show you another way to do it would be right up here.
You just come to workspace.
If you have a workspace that's already open, you can simply workspace close.
It wouldn't be grayed out.
It would be right there.
In this case, I just want to open a workspace.
And again, you navigate to the workspace you want to open, select it, and there it is.
So now I've got Section eight workspace with all the projects that I created and provided for you.
In order to run these projects, you simply double click the project you're interested in.
And so suppose I want I'm interested in this Euros project.
You can see the source code and all you really need to do is build and run.
But I'd suggest that you clean it first, especially if you're going from Windows to PC to Linux.
I'm developing on Windows, so if you're on a mac or Linux machine or even a Windows machine, it's
always a good idea to clean the project.
And what you can do, you can right click and clean, or you can come up to here where it says Build
Clean.
So we'll clean the project that removes all the object files, the X files, and just gets rid of a
bunch of stuff that you might not need depending on your system.
Now that we've got that ready, we can simply build and run and we should be good to go euro's to us
dollars.
So we'll type in 100, $119 is €100.
So that's it.
It's really pretty straightforward.
What I would suggest is that you create obviously your own way of organizing your files.
I'd use folders or directory structures, and also something that's important to understand as well
with code like code light does things a little differently.
So suppose that you've got projects in another workspace and then you select the workspace here and
you say Add existing project.
Well, what happens here is it doesn't actually copy that project into the workspace.
It'll create a new project in this workspace, but the files will still be where they were before.
So your dot CP files and your header files and everything will still be where they were.
So think of this more of a logical project rather than a physical copy of it.
But once you play around with it, you'll understand exactly what's going on.
So really straightforward.
You've got the zip files that were providing, unzip them, you have a folder structure and then just
open that workspace file in there.
All your projects should come in.
No problem at all.